[docs] Jessica's onboarding feedback (#42670)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/native-editor/sql-parameters.md

Typing `{% raw %}{{variable_name}}{% endraw %}` in your native query creates a variable called `variable_name`.

> Field Filter, a special type of filter, has a [slightly different syntax](#field-filter-syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field Filters, a special type of filter, have a [slightly different syntax](#field-filter-syntax).
```
